Bake Data
--------------------DATA WE WANT--------------------
    For a bake we want to know:
    i) the amount of total ingredient req'd (incl for leaven builds)
    ii)# loaves produced
    iii)leaven schedule

    of these the leaven schedule is the only one which
    is not immediately obvious, we must define the leaven
    ratios as a formula. Moreover the initial revival is
    a distinct ration. Also must allow for storing leaven

    Need three formulas for the leaven builds:
            i) leaven refresh {'Whole Wheat':100,'Water':65,'Leaven':15}
           ii) leaven store {'Whole Wheat':100,'Leaven':38}
          iii) leaven revive {'Stored Leaven':100,'Water':73}
           iv) leaven build {'Whole Wheat':100,'Water':70,'Leaven':10}

    There are then 4 stages of the leaven build:
            i) leaven revive  d-48 using leaven revive formula
           ii) leaven refresh d-36 using leaven refresh formula
          iii) leaven refresh d-24 using leaven refresh formula
           iv) leaven build   d-12 using leaven build formula

    An additional step would be the leaven store:
            i) leaven store   d-d  using leaven store formula

    Calculation begins with a summing of total leaven required for
    the bake. This will be done with out amount_req'd(ingredient) formula.
    to this must be added a safety margin and also enough to store ~75.
    So:
         leaven req'd= 1.07*(amount_req'd(Leaven)+0.075kg)

    then working backwards this will give us the required amount for our
    leaven build. Simple couple line calculation will give us our build.
    Then simply calculate and return the amounts for the above 4 stages.

    What about flour required for bake?

         The amount of flour required to produce leaven for the bake should
         necessarily be included in this calculation. A rough approximation
         of the leaven formula will give a servicable estimate. That is to
         say that
                  amount_req'd(Flour)= sum(Flour in each batch)
                                        + 0.55sum(Leaven in each batch)

    Nothing left but to code it!

    Redesign user input, with new bake use it to create loads(batches) for
    the bake. That will create a more intuitive interaction and less fussy
    interface. This will allow us to practically eliminate cumbersome batch menu.
    
    
